BUILD RECEIPT CONSISTENT  run=cache-only-20260924T122940Z
candidate=f721855259e857efc008f1e84e270c92263c876d+patch:1d2b9783dba88b9cbf77db5cb836a819c2dadf60fbf045a3cedfe3c71ad0d1a9 parent=f721855259e857efc008f1e84e270c92263c876d
native          median= 11515.0ms range= 11458.. 11549ms
ib-cold         median= 16049.0ms range= 15456.. 16176ms
ib-parent-warm  median=  6527.0ms range=  6449..  6626ms
ib-cold         measured ratio=0.717x vs native; saved=-4534ms
ib-parent-warm  measured ratio=1.764x vs native; saved=4988ms
DISTRIBUTION CONTRACT: --distribution excluded (CACHE-ONLY). Every IB sample and parent seed in this receipt reports remote_tasks == 0 and remote_core_time == 0 as recorded, i.e. nothing was sent to a helper; the expected profile is rustc type="local_only" with <ib_cache enabled="true"/>. Any acceleration above is therefore the Build Cache's and not distribution's. This is a demand, not a waiver: one remote task would have REFUSED this receipt. What is NOT established here is that the profile actually said local_only -- these are the Build History counters the receipt carries, and like every other counter in it they are re-read from no retained document (see NOT CHECKED below).
cache scope re-derived from 10 corroborated clear transcript file(s): local-user
cache tool(s) named by those transcripts: /opt/incredibuild/management/build_avoid_cache.sh
5 parent-seed build(s) attributed to the parent revision ON THIS RECEIPT'S WORD ALONE: no document behind a seed's counters is retained or re-read here
EMPTY-CACHE HIT FLOOR: this check ran with --empty-cache-hit-floor 1, which the VERIFIER passed on the command line and the receipt cannot set. An emptied cache was allowed to report up to 1 Build Cache hit(s), and a warm build was required to report more than 1. cargo invokes `rustc -vV` twice per build and the second invocation is served the entry the first stored, which is why the honest floor for Rust is not zero. NOTHING HERE ESTABLISHES that the hits this floor allowed were that self-hit: the per-task Build Cache report that would show it is not retained with a digest. Run without the flag for the strict rule.
RE-OBSERVED IN THIS INVOCATION (transcripts resolved from the paths recorded in the receipt): 10 cache-clear transcript file(s) were opened and read once, and the SHA-256 recomputed over exactly the bytes that were then parsed matched the digest this receipt records, byte for byte. Each file was re-parsed, and its argument vector, exit status, start and completion instants, and the cache scope re-derived from its own arguments, all agree with the fields this receipt carries -- for EVERY cache-clear record in the receipt, not only the one the ordering selects. Where a transcript names its tool, its command line is that tool followed by that argv. A receipt naming a file that is missing, that has changed by one byte, or that contradicts it, is REFUSED here; it is not summarized. This count is the number of FILES opened, taken from the ledger of reads, not the number of records in the receipt.
CHECKED FROM THIS RECEIPT'S OWN FIELDS: 5 sample(s) per mode carrying distinct repetition numbers -- distinct is all that is shown, since the receipt's writer picks the numbers; a distinct build caption for every sample and every parent seed; remote task and remote core-time counters PRESENT for every IB sample (an absent counter is unknown, never zero) and, under --distribution excluded, every IB sample and every parent seed reporting remote_tasks == 0 and remote_core_time == 0, so nothing in this receipt was distributed; cold-cache and parent-seed hits <=1 and warm-cache hits >1 as recorded; for every ib-cold sample, a local-user cache clear that exited 0 and completed before it with no cache-using build in between; for every ib-parent-warm sample, that same ordering between the clear and its PARENT SEED, and no cache-using build between that seed and the measured build -- the seed itself ran between the clear and the measured build, which is what warming a cache means. This is cross-field logic over numbers the receipt asserts: no document is opened for any of it. The cache-clear fields the ordering rests on are corroborated above; every counter it compares is not.
NOT CHECKED: the transcripts are corroborated; the builds are not. No document behind any counter in this receipt is retained with a digest or re-read here -- not the Build History responses behind remote_tasks and local_tasks, not the cache-statistics output behind cache_hits and cache_misses, not the per-task Build Cache report, and not one of the parent-seed counters, which is what the attribution of a warm cache to its parent rests on. `build-sample` did check, WHEN EACH SAMPLE WAS RECORDED, that the Build History held exactly one record for that caption reporting success; that happened in another invocation, on another host, against a document this one cannot see, and this invocation re-establishes none of it. Neither is wall_ms, from which every ratio above is computed: nothing retains it and nothing cross-checks it. swf-cli does not observe the cache: a transcript shows that the named tool ran and what it printed, not that the namespace was empty, and nothing here rules out another process repopulating it between the clear and the build. Every timestamp is the runner's own clock, unattested, and nothing binds a transcript to the machine, user or filesystem that ran the build. Neither the receipt nor the transcripts are signed, so a party able to write both can still make them agree -- including the tool names printed above, which are read from those same transcripts. Re-verify independently before quoting any ratio.
